hello everybody and welcome back to
breaking bytes the series where I
personally write a custom mod for each
and every episode solely for our
amusements and today guys I've got
something pretty cool to show you I
think what I've done is I've gone ahead
and purchased myself a new a new home
defense system it is called the fully
automatic ion laser defense system all
right so this thing has got three
independent security levels that you can
individually activate so I'm gonna go
ahead and give you a little demo here
and first we're gonna call in some test
subjects I guess you could call them and
I'm gonna go ahead and activate yes
security level one just give you a taste
of what this thing can do so here we go
what we're just gonna go and pretend
that that embarrassment didn't even
happen so let's just cut and crank this
thing straight up to a security level -
let's see what she's got huh no no no
don't shoot each other you stupid lasers
well please I got to keep one
alright screw this I am tired of this
failing it is time to kick this thing up
to security level 3 this should lead to
complete and utter eradication of
everything all right here we go let's
bring in some test subjects and let's
light up the world yeah huh what I'm
starting to think this was a bad
purchase
all right right so it may have a few
failed points and it may have actually
disintegrated me in the process but I
think we're onto something here I think
we got potential I just need to tweak a
few settings and we'll be good all right
guys that's gonna do it for today's
breaking bytes hope you enjoyed it as
always if you have ideas for future
breaking bytes go ahead and hit the
reddit which I will leave a link for in
the description and if you haven't had a
chance to go back and check out my older
breaking bytes episodes you really owe
it to yourself to go check them out I
promise you you will enjoy them that's
gonna do it for today though guys this
is tango and I am out